1. PropTypes are used for checking what kind of data we're passing down to different components through props. Not having the right data can be a huge source of errors, and making sure that at least we'll get an error if it's not the right type will help us catch some bugs preemptively.

2. A life-cycle event is an awesome feature of React where you can write a function that will fire after React has done a certain thing. For instance, we've been using the ComponentDidMount event handler to set data on our state. React fires the ComponentDidMount event when the component has been inserted into the DOM tree, so it's useful for us to set our data on state and rerender the component to make sure it's not empty.

3. A higher-order component is a function that takes one or more components as arguments and returns a component. This is probably useful for a lot of reasons, but we used a higher-order component to conditional render either a login page or the actual content by passing both of those components to a HOC and deciding which to return based on whether we had a logged in user.

4. We can style components by using vanilla CSS, which is familiar and you can lay it all out in one or more files. You can use styled components, which means that you can write your CSS in JavaScript. This is useful because one of the cool parts of the React paradigm is thinking about everything as a component, and this way you can keep all of your HTML, JavaScript, and CSS in one JS file all together as one component. The third way is by using third-party libraries like reactstrap or bootstrap or themes. It's nice to have other people write code for you :)